doc: add guide to use the `wire:"-"` tag (#195)
google/wire: docs/guide.md

And similarly if the injector needed a `*FooBar`.

It is sometimes useful to prevent certain fields from being filled in by the
injector, especially when passing `*` to `wire.Struct`. You can tag a field with
`` `wire:"-"` `` to have Wire ignore such fields. For example:

```go
type Foo struct {
    mu sync.Mutex `wire:"-"`
    Bar Bar
}
```

When you provide the `Foo` type using `wire.Struct(new(Foo), "*")`, Wire will

> automatically omit the `mu` field. Additionally, it is and error to explicitly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically omit the `mu` field. Additionally, it is an error to explicitly
```

And similarly if the injector needed a `*FooBar`.

> Sometimes it is useful to restrict certain fields to be accidentally filled by

Reviewer: Wordsmithing:

```
It is sometimes useful to prevent certain fields from being filled in
by the injector, especially when passing `*` to `wire.Struct`. You
can tag a field with `` `wire:"-"` `` to have Wire ignore such fields.
For example:
```

Author: Done.

the injector. You can use a struct tag, `wire:"-"` to mark such fields like in
the following example:

```go
type Foo struct {
    mu sync.Mutex `wire:"-"`
    Bar Bar
}
```

> When you provide the `Foo` type using `wire.Struct(new(Foo))`, wire will

Reviewer: Wildcard, right? (and capitalization)

```suggestion
When you provide the `Foo` type using `wire.Struct(new(Foo), "*")`, Wire will
```

Author: Done.

> automatically omit the `mu` field. On the other hand, when you specify the

Reviewer: "On the other hand" implies viewing the same situation from a different perspective, whereas this is adding information about a new situation.

```suggestion
automatically omit the `mu` field. Additionally, when you specify the
```

Author: Done.

> prevented field like `wire.Struct(new(Foo), "mu")`, wire will not allow that and

Reviewer: Wordsmithing:

```
Additionally, it is an error to explicitly specify a prevented field as in `wire.Struct(new(Foo), "mu")`.
```

Author: Done.
